.TH "EGTOOLS" "1" "July 2016" "Highland Technology, Inc." "EGTOOLS"
.SH "NAME"
\fBhti-tcp-reflash\fR - reflash some of Highland's products via TCP/IP
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B hti-tcp-reflash
[\fB-s \fISERIAL\fR]
[\fB-i \fIIP_ADDRESS\fR]
.I target filename
.SH "ARGUMENTS"
.P
\fItarget\fR is one of the following:
.BR p620 ,
.BR p545 ,
.BR p470 ,
.BR p330 ,
.BR t680 ,
.BR v120 ,
.BR v124.
.P
\fIfilename\fR is the path to the file to reflash.  This is the
.I ASCII upgrade
file (eg. 23E470E_upgrade.s28),
.I NOT
a non-upgrade file (those without the "_upgrade") or a binary
file (those with the ".bin" suffix)!
.SH "OPTIONS"
.P
You must use \fIone\fR but \fInot\fR both of the following options:
.P
.BI "-s " SERIAL
.RS 4
Serial number of the unit to upgrade.
This will be used to determine
the unit's hostname.
(The products supported by this software follow the hostname convention
of {\fIname\fR}-{\fI5-digit-serial\fR},
eg. \fBp620-00123\fR.)
.RE
.P
.BI "-i " IP_ADDRESS
.RS 4
IP address of the unit to upgrade.
Use this if the target uses a static IP address
instead of DHCP.
.RE
.SH "WARNING"
.P
If you have multiple HTI products and multiple upgrade files as a result,
BE SURE TO USE THE CORRECT UPGRADE FILE WITH THE CORRECT PRODUCT.
.P
It is possible in some cases
to ``successfully'' upgrade a Highland product
with a firmware file that was intended for a different Highland product.
Doing this will result in
either a boot failure or unpredictable behavior,
which can only be repaired by a physical flash replacement.
.SH "BUGS"
Consider this software to be pre-alpha.
.SH "AUTHORS"
Paul Bailey
